so you are going to Korea's for a year
how do you feel about it I feel good
this year is going to be great I can't
wait have you ever had kimchi no but by
here it is delicious I can't wait to try
it it is going to be h excuse me I am so
excited I can't contain myself that's
okay nothing I love used to have you
been to career before no I haven't but I
hear it is the best country in the world
how about you have you ever been to
Korea yes fighting Korea is the best
country in the world silly I am Korean I
come from Korean well but your English
is so good I know I'll Korean speak
English term that is why we need people
like you because we left English and we
want to talk on the English fantastic I
cannot wait Korea sounds great yes and
we love foreigners you will be awarded
honorary citizenship if you hang around
long enough our people take part in the
fact that we basically worship you great
and one of the schools like we have the
best education system in the world we
have a one hundred percent success rate
as no one can fail almost everyone goes
to university you need a master's degree
to work at 7-eleven that's how smart we
are we are the best country in the world
and Dokdo is ours
what is dr. data is an island that
belongs to Korea Japan is trying to
steal it oh my god how can I steal I
don't know but they want the ticket
korea s dodo and Davao is Korea damn
Japan how did I I will help you protect
your arm thank you the rest of the world
always helps us with everything I am so
glad that we always protect foreigners
in our country and treat them the same
as Koreans Korea deserves a Nobel Prize
for awesomeness oh my god you totally do
so what is the number one tourist
destination in Korea empty and the
president can see what about the best
food oh my god are you stupid why
because kimchi is everything without
kimchi we will die hey do you have any
other questions yes that's too bad i
need to take a rest now and i feel a
little bit sick now must be because I
talk to you oh my god did you just give
me aids I am sorry I have to go but
enjoy Korea fight in korea oh my god
what have I led myself into